in this video we'll go over some of the
training options on your forerunner 405
specifically Auto lap and auto pause in
order to get to them we just hold down
the bezel on the menu and we'll go down
to training and we'll go down go up I
should say to options and from there we
can see a bunch of our training options
here's our auto pause it's currently set
to auto stop whether you can take a look
here our options we can turn it off stop
and custom pace this is a good feature
when on your route you have stop lights
or crosswalks anything that might slow
you down any but you don't want it to
affect your overall pace for the run or
for your lap so this is a good one to
have this is assuming that you're doing
a straight run you're not doing any
interval or advanced workouts so that's
Auto pause and Auto lap is when you're
doing a straight run you're not doing
any walk brakes but you do want a
breakdown of each lap either by
kilometer by mile or by position so
here's our other lap we see some of our
options here we can turn it off by
distance for my position my position is
by doing certain actions on the watch
you can hit lap that will mark the lab
you can hit start and lap you can do
those different combinations but
probably for most runners you will set
it to distance and here I have it set to
one mile or 1.6 kilometers and once you
have that set up they're ready to do
your workout this could be just be a
very simple workout or a heartrate
workout and once you're done you can
upload this to Garmin Connect and we'll
take a look at the computer right now
and take a look at and upload a workout
to see how those two options worked now
here's one of our uploaded workouts -
Garmin Connect this is a five mile or
eight kilometer run that had auto pause
and auto lap enabled so let's scroll
down here and take a look at the first
thing that will
see which is the auto lap aspect which
is here on the left you can see here
that I've set the distance for the auto
lap to be one mile or 1.6 kilometers you
can see the breakdown of that and you
can also notice here on the bottom right
that I did have Auto pause enabled
because you can see during my run my
heart rate I had a part here that was
dipped pretty low and that was because I
was stopped at a stoplight and that
allowed my heart rate to drop lower than
than the rest of it so that was the
indication there but you can see here on
my laps that it didn't affect that
particular lap and that's because when I
did stop at the light the timer stopped
so anyway that's how you do it auto
pause and all lap on a Garmin Forerunner